15st1 [2856][ADD] sale_delivery_date (#209)
qrtl/mi7-custom: sale_delivery_date/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module add the delivery date in sale order and assign delivery date depends on warehouse shipping delay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module does the following:

- Adds the delivery date and time fields in sale.order.
- Updates commitment_date of the order when delivery date is selected, based on the delivery date
  and the warehouse.shipping.delay parameter setting, so that the delivery schedule is adjusted accordingly.
```
